baby
me hey guys this beautiful mind here
just coming to you with the real quick
video about my own personal natural hair
challenge I'm challenging myself to wear
my hair out for about a week or two
weeks since is what has been today's
already i'm going to do about two weeks
and just in response to my last video
about the natural hair cheaters and i
got a lot of really good feedback on
that topic and basically what I've come
up with is that you know you do what
you're comfortable with it whatever
makes you happy makes you happy but um
what makes me happy right now I was
wearing my natural hair so I couldn't
wait until down my croche crochet braids
I said it right this time guys I kind of
wait until my crochet braids went south
so that I could just take him out and I
washed my hair and I conditioned it and
last night I did the twist and today I
twisted them out and I'm not well it
wasn't the results that I was expecting
but otherwise I think it came out pretty
well
I but I really like what what I did here
um it looks better than to blow out i
had earlier I like the texture um what
else the products I'm using right now
are pretty sparse and pretty cheap but
otherwise I really like them they are
off Brad gym stuff or whatever so I used
that um last night as I was twisting my
hair and to give it some hold or keep it
from until state to smooth down the
sides or whatever and I really like it
because it makes it a lot it makes it
really soft this smooth down as well
like Jill but makes really soft and it's
wholesome what for the sides up here
I've been using this this herbal
essences herbal essences curls pressing
jail madam my hair but just you know
right there to give it a smooth look for
moisturizing and like when I blow dry it
and it's wet I put this in it o organics
hair mayonnaise just so kind of protect
me from the heat and I'm using a low
setting I see the high setting but now
i'm using a low setting when i condition
my hair for about 20 minutes half an
hour with a bag or ya get oh he's a bag
or oh let's shower cap i use this um
pantene pro-v relaxin natural deep
conditioner it works really well really
good for black hair is oily my scalp or
you know keeping it squeezed or whatever
this extra virgin olive oil I forget
like a tip from but from what I hear
it's pretty good for hair so I would
just you know rub it in there or on the
ends other things I plan to do well a
lot of twist outs and maybe something
like this clip it back on the size or
some braids or something but for right
now I'm really enjoying wearing it like
this so yeah this is well I don't
necessarily believe in spending a whole
bunch of money on products unless
they're really they're worth the money
and they're really good but so what I've
been doing is for working pretty well
the dryness issue has was really bad
yesterday but it's been better simply
because my mom asked me because of this
really um I got it cuz I'm like oh I'm
gonna slow down my edges y'all but
really it just helps with the UM
conditioning part which was a bug like
119 and kmart or something that was not
about to spend five dollars for the real
thing like that y'all so um anyway
natural hair for about two weeks or so
two days and I am loving the I'm loving
it um yeah and oh I'm now a permanent
resident of Georgia oh um you going to
school down here and
there's the barna brothers hair show on
august seven really which i can go to
that if i get the money for a ticket or
I don't know how things work here in
Georgia at all I'm from me more if you
guys no offense just saying but um yeah
really happy to be here and really happy
to be natural oh and this is you know
how much has been growing which is
considerably more than what i have
before so I mean I'm happy with it I
think it's beautiful so thanks for
watching guys and I'll have more videos
soon hopefully maybe about um crazy
contraption makeup like do I did this in
like two minutes my whole face I don't
wear a lot of makeup but I was just
enough um anyway bye and thanks for
watching wow you know you make me wanna
shout
you don't